10 SECOND CHUG
5 SECOND QUESTION
Tell your weirdest fantasy!
Taken? Take 5~
Drink 2 if you've been to a vrc meet up. 
Take 3 shots with the person to your left and right and spin again
Take a shot and Speak gibberish for 1 round
Give a sales pitch to the person to your right!
Go around the the table and give everyone a compliment. Take a shot with the last person you compliment.
Say uwu after every sentence for the next round.
Purr and meow to the person to your left
Take a shot and Dance in the middle of the table for 30 seconds
Explain to people why you should be the next president, ending it with a toast!
Plead your case to the group! The group decides guilty or innocent! Guilty? Take 5! Innocent? Give 5!
Give a shot to the person you think will pass out first!
Give 10 shots to the person you think will pass out last!
Tell your most embarrassing hook up story~
Take a shot if your listening to your own music!
Take 5 if you're a quest~!
Take 10 if you're on desktop (we all know you have a headset lazy bitch)
Take 30 if you have complained about the weather this week!
Drink and spin again if you're older than 25.
Drink you have the traffic cone up your bootae.
Drink if you've been drunk for more than 24 hours straight.
Drink if you're drinking
Drink if you have had vitamin ~D~ today 
Drink if you've ever lied about your height
Drink 3 if you have never cheated
Drink 5 if you went through and emo faze. Drink 10 if you are still in your emo faze.
Drink 5 if you're gay~
Drink 5 if you're pan~
Drink 30 if you're straight -_-
Drink 10 if you sleep with socks on
Drink if you banged in spoo's closet (or cried)
Give your best impression of the person to your right.
Drink 5 if you drink milk with your meals.
Drink 3 if you've taste your own cxm.
Drink if you have a specail sock
Tell everyone your weirdest fetish.
Go to your bathroom and put your foot in the toliet. With a sock on.
Drink if you believe in ghost.
Take a shot for every piece of clothing or object you’ve destroyed while drinking!
Go do seven minutes in heaven, group picks who you go with.
Try not to say cheers for a whole round.
Everyone say cheer.
What was the last thing you argued about? Cheers with those who agree! 
Pretend to be married to the person to your left but it was definitely for money.
Speak with an accent for the next round.
Dance for the person to your right
Are you a tiddie or ass person.
Pretend to be uwu drunk epi for a round.
Do an impression of the person to your right.
Right I just wanna see what people come up with
Drink if you ever kissed someone... on the mouth?!?!?! (edited)
Drink if you ever kissed someone.. NOT ON THE MOUTH?!?!?!?!
Drink 5 shots if you ever paid for porn
Drink 10 if you have an onlyfans subscription!
Wear your favorite troll avi for one round! (edited)
Tell the crowd how you got phantom pregnant!
If your drinking liquor take a shot!
Drinking beer? Drink more. Drink the rest of your can.
Drink if you think you could befriend a wild animal.
Tell everyone why it's okay to marry your body pillow.
Describe the worst drunken night you can hardly remember
~If you're gay and you know it take two shots~ (you have to sing it before you drink
If your straight drink a water shot ~
Drink if there's a femboy in nanas lap!
Drink if you've been to a vrc wedding!
Drink 10 if you love drinking!
Drink 2 if you love sprootsie!
